[TT-5866] Update x509-client-auth.md (#2802)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-stack/dependencies/mongodb/x509-client-auth.md

weight: 2
---

> You can use the MongoDB X509 Certificate flow to authenticate the Tyk Dashboard, Tyk Pump, and Tyk MDCB with your MongoDB install.  This is slightly different from [AWS DocumentDB setup instructions]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/how-to-connect-to-documentdb" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the *MongoDB X509 Certificate* flow to authenticate the *Tyk Dashboard*, *Tyk Pump*, and *Tyk MDCB* with your *MongoDB* install.  This is slightly different from [AWS DocumentDB setup instructions]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/how-to-connect-to-documentdb" >}}).
```

## Tyk Pump

> You must separately configure each Tyk Pump that you deploy that targets MongoDB; note that Tyk offers three different Mongo pumps, `mongo`, `mongo_aggregate`, and `mongo_selective`.  

Reviewer: Not so clear to read. Also 2 `that`

Author: ```suggestion
Tyk offers three different MongoDB pumps (`mongo`, `mongo_aggregate`, and `mongo_selective`) each of which must be separately configured for X509 certificate authentication. 
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tyk offers three different MongoDB pumps (`mongo`, `mongo_aggregate`, and `mongo_selective`), each of which must be separately configured for X509 certificate authentication. 
```

> The following tags must be added to the `meta` section of each pump:

Reviewer: Again, not so clear to read.

> The following tags must be added to the `meta` section of each pump:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following fields must be set under the `meta` section of each pump:
```

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```
